Here is a list of Known Issues at the moment, if you know of more add to this list, if you fix one take it off this list, thanks.

*Combat Issues:

Once you level from level 1 to level 2, you start missing on almost every swing, if you do hit it causes no damage.


*Death System Issues:

Let me tell you the tale of the Wailing Caverns. :)
You see I ported to the Wailing Caverns and I could not enter, it said my level was too low, as it should be.  I setlevel of my character to 20, and it let me then enter.  I walked in to the first Raveger Dinosaur in there, and stood there and let him beat me till I died.  When I released my spirit to the nearest Graveyard, it sent me to Ashvale. :(  I then started the corpse run back to the Barrens, once I crossed from Ashvale into the Barrens, I was immediatly placed in the Graveyard beside the Crossroads (should have been sent there in the first place).  I walked back to the Wailing Caverns instance enterance, and no message about having to enter the instance first, when I entered the instance I did ressurect like I should have.  I left the instance, and ran out into the cave a ways, and let some creatures kill me there, I then released my spirit, and was sent to the Graveyard outside of the Crossroads, as it should be, I ran back to my corpse and was able to ressurrect.  Therefore, the way it stands the Death system is playable at least, just not correct yet.


*Spawning Issues:

Game Events are not yet handled, therefore all GameObjects are being spawned, even seasonal or event only GameObjects.


*Gossip System Issues:

The Inn Keeper in Goldshire only shows his goods for sale, and no choice for Making the Inn your home Inn.


*Quest System:

The quest system is not completed on the rewrite yet:
There is no text showing when you go to turn in a quest.
If you complete a quest and there is another available (maybe all the time not sure) it does not show the next quest, and does not close the window, you have to close the window and reopen to see the next quest and accept it.


*Transports Issues:

When you enter the DeepRun Tram from Storm Wind, the Tram closest to you never shows up (Probably not spawned at all?).

When clicking on the Flight Master at Grom'gol even without going any where else, there is a couple of Flight Paths there, at least one of those does not work and shows no amount.  If you get the Flight Path in the Great Forge in Iron Forge, then walk to Thalsmar (spelling) and click on the Flight Master there it tells you that you do not have any knowing flight paths connected to this one (it should have the Flight Path to Iron Forge, at least, maybe Storm Wind if I remember right.)


Miscellaneous Issues:

If you click on a chair it positions you at the chair, but does not change your stand state to make you sit down.

Fishing works unless you catch a fish then it hits an error in the GameObject use routines when it goes to pop up the loot window.

You can not sell items from a bag other than the backpack.
